For level-7, i have decided to try and use GPT 5 thinking for this. I did similar projects (in Orbital and some other small personal projects) where the concept of OOP and file IO is being used back then when AI was not prevalent. Honestly using GPT 5 was surprisngly effecient. I fed it the requirements of the task itself and prompt it the way i want it to work. e.g: i want the storage class to be able to save the data currently in arrayList<Task>, check for errors of corrupted data, etc I basically fed all the requirements in the AI, giving it context of the objects, attributes and the program. Also i gave the flow of how i want the functions to be coded. It gave me close to exactly what i wanted which was very helpful. I felt that using AI saved me alot of time in terms of monotonous concepts of file IO (while its still not very complex), it worked perfectly for me. Also, i think it saved me alot of time, even though i am familliar with the concept of file IO, often times i might missed out certain formatting that might break the consistency of saving the data into the text file, potentially breaking the logic. I think the AI is especially useful for printing and formatting.  

After knowing that AI does formatting pretty well, next i went to fix my formatting of my main file with AI and it worked out great! I was surprised that it followed exactly to the requirements that i gave and that saved me alot of time. 

A-JUnit
- Used GPT 5 Thinking to generate me various tasks based on the context of my code. Tests ran normally and expected everything to pass. It was comprehensive enough to give test cases that is relevant enough to test the program minimally. This saves me alot of time as test cases aside from edge cases due to how i wrote my program can be automated, some cases that is not general enough, GPT might not be able to catch it (i have not tried to prompt for edge cases).

JavaDocs
- Used GPT 5 Thinking to generate JavaDocs for those functions that i have not done. It seems to be detailed enough, there were some errors, e.g. the params and main description was slightly inaccurate so i just modified it.

New test cases:
- Used GPT to create a new test case, i gave GPT how my function of is duplicate looks like and it gave me a file containing various test cases. It worked perfectly as how i think it should test. my prompt was "write me one more test case for my current project now for the duplicate function".